During the development of this application, I found the use of ChatGPT to be incredibly helpful in
the initial setup and configuration of the project on Android Studio. In addition to this, I also
utilized ChatGPT to assist with the implementation of serialization within the android environment.
Some of the prompts used for these concepts include the following:

Please summarize the requirements for this project and provide some advice for working in android
studio and porting some of my former photo album project from java pc to java android. Note: only
java code is allowed, XML files should be used for formatting, it must run on the android emulator
in android studio, and should include all functionality in the requirements document. I have also
included previous files used in my photo album project created previously for your review. if you
need further references, i also have the code for the controllers and general fxml layout files.
Please present your information in a readable format that is easily digestable and understandable
and also provide a general plan to go about working on this port. I have included the additional
code files that I have written for the previous project for your reference. Can you please explain
a little more about working in android studio and start by helping me to set up the home screen for
the user?

From here, it provided general suggestioins about organizing the files and working in Android Studio.
However, I still struggled at first with getting it opperational and running on the emulator so I
asked the following:

I have just installed android studio, can you walk me through setting up the project before we begin
Please note that the language must be initialized to Java exclusively as Kotlin is not permitted

Then for serialization, I prompted ChatGPT with:

Currently, I believe there are issues with the albums not being serialized/saved. Can we attempt to
solve this problem first and then work from there? Here is the log file created from running and
attempting to open an image, currently the files are not being saved between sessions and needs to
be fixed

From here, it thoroughly explained accessing URI's in the Android environment and how to implement
them in application.

Other than this, ChatGPT was mostly used for bug fixing and summarizing long error strings output
by Logcat within Android Studio. This allwoed for faster development and error correction than
having to sort through each log output line by line.